Add new Fritz service (#20013)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/fritz.markdown

| ---------------------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `entity_id`            | no       | Only act on a specific  router                                                                                 |

#### Service `fritz.cleanup`

Remove all stale devices from Home Assistant.

> A device is identified as stale when it's still present on HomeAssistant but not on the FRITZ!box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove all stale devices from Home Assistant.
A device is identified as stale when it's still present on Home Assistant but not on the FRITZ!Box.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove all stale devices from Home Assistant.
A device is identified as stale when it's still present on HomeAssistant but not on the FRITZ!box.

```
